# Melbourne CocoaHeads 2018 Planning Meeting

5:45pm 7 December 2017, Itty Bitty Apps (84 William Street, Melbourne)

## Agenda

## Vision for 2018

- A focus on outreach; increasing new members attendance; making new members feel welcome; increased participation
- A new Hack Night
- Decentralise the management/leadership

## Discussion Points - 2018 Vision

### Outreach and Inclusion

Discussion on 2018 vision on outreach and inclusion

### Hack Night 2018

Discussion on 2018 vision on an improved Hack Night. Dot points exist in [this gist][1].

## Decentralising Mgmt

Discussion on 2018 vision on sharing the load month to month. Break down of general responsibilities are in [this gist][1].

## Discussion Points - Open for Input

### Diversity Comitee

Ben Deckys to introduce the idea of a Diversity Comittee for 2018.

### A Melbourne iOS conference 2018?

Is there apetite for a Melbourne iOS centric conference in 2018? Is it possible?

### Name tags for RSVPs ?

Discuss whether or not this is a good idea.

### Coordination with other groups (eg. GDG)

Discuss potential opportunities for coordination/cross polination with other meetups, including the Google Developer Group.

### Drinks Night

Discuss merits of a 'drinks night' event we can publish on Meetup along side other events.

### Code of Conduct

Discuss introduction of a code of conduct. Similar in style to [Sydney CocoaHeads][2]

## BAU 2018

### Events

- Presentation Night - February through December. 2nd Thursday. Move back for WWDC if applicable.
- Hack Night - February through December.
- Drinks Night - (as per discussion above)
- NSBreakfast - First Friday - Matt D

### Venues

Discuss status of venue for Presentation Night and venue for Hack Night.

### Budget and Sponosorship

Discuss financials and sponsorship opportunities for 2018


[1]: https://gist.github.com/jessedc/3ae72609e53c0dc627711494d72bbfc0
[2]: http://www.sydneycocoaheads.com/policies/#code_of_conduct
